creating assignment 1 (#12)
LaunchCodeEducation/intro-to-web-dev-curriculum: content/assignments/candidate-testing/part-3/index.md

---
title: "Part 3: Grade the Quiz"
date: 2023-06-20T10:39:25-05:00
draft: false
weight: 4
originalAuthor: Courtney Frey # to be set by page creator
originalAuthorGitHub: speudusa # to be set by page creator
reviewer: Kimberly Horan # to be set by the page reviewer
reviewerGitHub: codinglikeagirl42 # to be set by the page reviewer
lastEditor: # update any time edits are made after review
lastEditorGitHub: # update any time edits are made after review
lastMod: # UPDATE ANY TIME CHANGES ARE MADE
---

> Finally, calculate the candidate's score and print the results. Look for `TODO 3.2a` and `TODO 3.2b`.  The rest of the steps involve updating code you have written and adding more code. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, calculate the candidate's score and print the results. Look for `TODO 3.2`.  The rest of the steps involve updating code you have written and adding more code. 
```

Don't remove anything in the file that you haven't written. Doing so may cause your program to behave unexpectedly - and we might not be able to grade it!

**Your task here is to:**

   1. Compare the candidate answers with the correct answers,

   1. Calculate the candidate's score as a percentage,

   1. Convey to the candidate if they have passed the quiz with an 80% or if they have failed.

Some tips:
   1. Checking for the correct answer should be case insensitive (e.g. "Orbit" is the same as "orbit").

>    1. `TODO 3.2a` you should see a variable declaration for `grade`. Use this to calculate the candidate's score.   
> 
>    1. Below `TODO 3.2b`, calculate the candidate's percentage, using this equation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. `TODO 3.2` you should see a variable declaration for `grade`. Use this to calculate the candidate's score as a percentage, using this equation:
```
